You use dozens of SaaS apps, built more
in house.
Your teams open tons of tabs. They work
with confidential and sensitive data.
The challenge,
PII and data leakage. Critical
information is scattered. Decisions made
on stale data.
Bolt and Aeira fix that.
Bolt is the patent-pending command
center. One hotkey, any app, any OS.
Files, meetings, people, and your every
first or third party app, just a
keystroke away.
Search time zones, secure vaults,
clipboard, financials, or even find
inside your screenshots.
Bolt knows your role and brings what you
have and need at work. Most of it with
zero tokens.
When thinking is needed, Bolt is also the
super agent. It calls MCPs and your role
permitted specialized agents.
For corporate knowledge, Aeira is the
engine that runs inside your network.
Identity first, access filtered at the
database.
Your organization stays in control. Who
sees what? Which LLM? which tools,
agents, and sources.
Every action sealed in a tamper evident
audit chain.
Bolt does not just retrieve, it executes,
on demand, on schedule, on event.
The outcome, time reclaimed, policy
violations and data breaches prevented,
spend contained, compliance met,
audit evidence preserved.
Cloud assistance ask you to come to them.
Bolt and Aeira, come to you, wherever you
are.
Intelligent execution,
defensible answers.